Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/14/index.md

#### source-editor.jsm

> - Added a keyboard shortcut to toggle commenting for the current selection (Ctrl-/ or Cmd-/ on macOS).

Author: ```suggestion
- Added a keyboard shortcut to toggle commenting for the current selection (Ctrl-/ or Cmd-/ on Mac OS X).
```
